# $B_c \to \chi_{cJ} + X$ Decays

This is about P-wave charmonia production in exclusive Bc-meson decays


## Analytical Calculations

All analytical and some numerical calculations are done in `./Math` directory. Note, that you should have `FeynCalc`, `ChDim`, 'HistV2` packages installed on your computer.

Here are the details:

* `Math/amplitudes_etc.nb'`: Calculate expressions for Bc -> chi_cJ amplitudes and width, saves them to `./mdat/amps.mdat`
    * OUT:`./mdat/amps.mdat`
* `Math/form_factors.nb`: reads tables from scanned plots and saves approximated expressions of the form factors. It also creates c++ code for them
    * IN: `Math/mdat/amps.mdat`, csv and json files from `literature/` directory
    * OUT: `Math/mdat/ebert_ff.mdat`, `Math/mdat/wang_ff.mdat`
* `Math/rhoT.nb`: saves approximated values of the W -> n pi spectral functions
    * OUT: `mdat/rhoT.mdat`
* `Math/Numbers.nb`: Numerical analysis of the decays: comparison with papers' results, new modes, etc.
    * IN: `./mdat/amps.mdat`, `Math/mdat/ebert_ff.mdat`, `Math/mdat/wang_ff.mdat`, `mdat/rhoT.mdat`, files from `literature` directory and generated by ROOT files from `results/*/` directories

## Simulation

All simulation code is stored in `c++` directory.

To run the simulation you should go to `c++/build/` directory and evaluate commands 

    make
    ./bc_chiJ.exe B_c+ ../src/bc_chiJ_npi.dec 100000
    ~/Work/rrF/c++/build/rrF.exe -a 4

There are also some useful scripts, that help you to preform your job. They are located in `../scripts` directory

To make a quick simulation of some decay you can run a command

    ../scripts/quick_run.sh B_c+ <out> <mode> <ff> <seed> <nEv>

where

* \<out\> is the name of the final charmonuium (could be `chi_c0`, `chi_c1`, or `chi_c2`)
* \<mode\> is the final state of light particles (could be `enu`, `2pi`, `3pi`, `5pi`). Note, that you can add your own decay mode by creating `<name>.dec` and `<name>_vars.txt` files in the `templates` directory
* \<ff\> is the number of the form factor's set (1 for Ebert and 2 for Wang)
* \<seed\> is a random seed number
* \<nEv\> is the number of events to generate

As a result, MC simulation of the requested reaction will be performed, and distributions over requested variables will be saved to corresponding subdirectory directory in the `results` dir. These distributions are read by `Math/Ebert_numbers.nb`, `Math/Wang_numbers.nb` Mathematica files to compare simulation results with analytical and already published.

Note, that this dir will be overwritten after each quick run. Other scripts from the `scripts` directory can be used to create the cumulative simulation results, but they are not needed up to now.



## Files

